Doc KEP-5996: Add kubelet configuration "defaultPodSysctls" in documentation (#56255)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/DefaultPodSysctls.md

---
title: DefaultPodSysctls
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.37"
---

> Enables the `defaultPodSysctls` field in [KubeletConfiguration](/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/), allowing node administrators to specify a default set of namespaced kernel parameters (sysctls) that are applied to all Pods on the node.

Reviewer: suggestion: "Node" should be UpperCamelCase (API object kind). Also "that are applied" is passive voice — rewrite with `kubelet` as subject. `kubelet` needs backticks.

```suggestion
Enables the `defaultPodSysctls` field in [KubeletConfiguration](/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/), allowing Node administrators to specify a default set of namespaced kernel parameters (sysctls) that the `kubelet` applies to all Pods on the Node.
```

Author: done
